---
title: Cookie Statement
description: Cookie statement for demiann.dev
---

<h3>1. The use of cookies</h3>

demiann.dev uses cookies. A cookie is a small file that is sent along with
pages from this website and / or Flash applications and stored by your browser
on the hard drive of your computer, mobile phone, smartwatch or tablet. The
information stored therein can be sent back to our servers on a subsequent
visit. The use of cookies is of great importance for the smooth running of our
website, but also cookies of which you do not immediately see the effect are
very important. Thanks to the (anonymous) input from visitors, we can improve
the use of the website and make it more user-friendly.

<h3>2. Permission for the use of cookies</h3>

Your permission is required for the use of certain cookies. No permission is
required for the cookies we use. We do this by means of a so-called cookie
banner.

<h3>3. The type of cookies and their objectives</h3>

<h4>We use the following types of cookies on our website:</h4>

<h4>Cloudflare</h4>

Stores cookies to log behavioral elements and analyze potential threats. For
more information, see the
<a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/">Cloudflare Privacy & Security Policy</a>

<h4>Functional cookies</h4>
like session and login cookies to collect session and login information. When
you visit our website, cookies from the controller and / or third parties may
be installed on your equipment.

<h3>4. Your rights with regard to your data</h3>

You have the right to inspect, rectify, limit and delete personal data. You
also have the right to object to the processing of personal data and the right
to data portability. You can exercise these rights by sending an e-mail to
hello@demiann.dev. To prevent abuse, we may ask you to identify yourself
adequately. When it comes to access to personal data linked to a cookie, we
ask you to send a copy of the cookie in question. You can find this in the
settings of your browser.

<h3>5. Blocking and deleting cookies</h3>

At any time you can easily block cookies yourself or delete them via your
internet browser. You can also set your internet browser so that you receive a
message when a cookie is placed. You can also indicate that certain cookies
may not be placed. View the help function of your browser for this option. If
you delete the cookies in your browser, this may have consequences for the
pleasant use of this website. Some tracking cookies are placed by third
parties which, among other things, show you advertisements via our website.
You can delete these cookies centrally via youronlinechoices.com. Please note
that if you don't want any cookies, we cannot guarantee that our website still
works well. Some functions of the site may be lost or you may not be able to
visit the website at all. In addition, refusing cookies does not mean that you
will no longer see advertisements at all. The advertisements are then no
longer tailored to your interests and can therefore be repeated more often.
How you can adjust your settings differs per browser. Please refer to the help
function of your browsing or click on one of the links below to go directly to
the manual of your browser. ·
<a href="https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/clear-cookies-and-site-data-firefox">Firefox</a>·
<a href="https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform=Desktop&hl=en" >Google Chrome</a>·
<a href="https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/kb/278835">Internet Explorer</a>·
<a href="https://support.apple.com/en-en/HT201265">Safari on smart phone</a>·
<a href="https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac">Safari on Mac</a>

<h3>6. New developments and unforeseen cookies</h3>

The texts of our website can be adjusted at any time due to continuous
developments. This also applies to our cookie statement. Therefore, please
read this statement regularly to stay informed of any changes. In blog
articles, use can be made of content that is hosted on other sites and made
accessible by demiann.dev by means of certain codes (embedded content), as
with YouTube videos for example. These codes often use cookies. However, we
have no control over what these third parties do with their cookies. It is
also possible that cookies are placed via our websites by others, of which we
are not always aware. Do you encounter unforeseen cookies on our website that
you cannot find in our overview? Please contact hello@demiann.dev. You can
also contact the third party directly and ask which cookies they placed, what
the reason is, what the lifespan of the cookie is and how they have guaranteed
your privacy.

<h3>7. Concluding remarks</h3>

We will have to adjust these statements from time to time, for example when we
adjust our website or change the rules regarding cookies. You can consult this
webpage for the latest version. If you have any questions or comments, please
contact hello@demiann.dev. This cookie statement was created using a document
from Rocket Lawyer (https://www.rocketlawyer.com/nl/nl).
